Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
All alone...
Sunday. A day off from torture.
Arm Power Up!!
Too Easy to Win?!
They have snacks!
Oh, it's lured her in.
In-chan, how's this machine look?
Gimme a sec.
Estimated cost: 300 yen.
Closer look shows it's a new product.
Slippery packaging.
Pay-out ratio on the lower end.
Looks like a money guzzler to me.
Higher up in difficulty.
Princess-chan, you should go
for something else.
Nope, this is the one.
But it's...
Since it's big enough
to share if I win it!
Princess-chan!
Here goes nothing.
Little more... Little more...
Little more, little...
Hey, stop!
Not yet... Not yet...
Not...
Right there!
Bam!
Yes!
That's good, that's good, that's...
Ah!
So sad...
Let's try one more time!
You were in the zone.
All right...
Oh yeah, where's Torture today?
Ah.
She said she was grabbing lunch
with the new hire.
'Tis Time for "Torture,"
Princess
Rich Soy Sauce Ramen
Come back soon!
That was delicious.
It was awesome.
So you regularly check out restaurants
as research for your torture?
Now that's dedication, Senpai!
Thanks, Sakura-chan.
Oh yeah, who's the person
you're currently torturing?
That's classified information.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't worry about it.
I'll tell you who it is once
you're done with training.
Yes!
She often wanders around Hellholm,
so you might catch a glimpse before then.
You let a classified
target just wander around?!
I'd imagine you've heard of her.
Huh, who could it be?
I haven't heard about
anyone being taken prisoner.
I guess letting someone be captured by
the Hellhorde would harm your reputation.
No wonder it's not public.
I was hoping to try a few more places...
But after ten stops, I'm far too full.
Same here.
I don't think I could enjoy
eating any more than this.
I haven't felt this full in ages.
Happiness truly is a full stomach!
Glad to hear it.
Can't enjoy eating on a full stomach...
Huh? That's right.
They say hunger is the best spice.
I've just come up with a great idea.
The Next Day
What?!
Prisoner Mess Sergeants
Mr. & Mrs. Kobayashi
You're going to have
the princess go without breakfast?
Yes.
The idea is to leave her hungry to raise
the odds of the torture succeeding.
How cruel!
Just look at her, Torture!
She's so excited
that it's almost breakfast time!
All that waiting
is making her drool a little!
I-I shan't budge!
At times, the plan calls
for me to steel my heart.
Ah!
What is it, dear?
Take a look at this!
The princess looked so
excited moments ago...
And now she looks so sad
since her breakfast is nowhere to be seen!
She's looking all over!
Her breakfast isn't coming,
so she's in distress!
So sad...
She's down in the dumps!
I can't bear to look!
She's been reduced to writing
the hiragana for "no" on the ground!
No... No... No...
No
She's a lost cause!
I'm so sorry, Princess!
We're powerless here...
My apologies, Mr. and Mrs. Kobayashi!
Please prepare some
food for the princess!
Can do!
Wait for us, Princess!
We'll have it out in a jiffy!
I was so worried about having the torture
go well that I forgot something important.
The most important thing
for an inquisitor.
Isn't the short-term gains...
Here you are, Princess!
Sorry we're late!
But the smile on your
torture target's face!
A sunny-side up egg and sausages!
Good for you, Your Highness!
Now that's a fine breakfast!
Time to dig in!
It's delicious!
Today's seaweed is the
seasoned kind, too!
Awesome!
Want to add some soy sauce
and wrap your rice in it?
Yeah!
This is amazing!
I was hungry, so it tastes even better!
Mm-hmm.
'Tis exactly as you said.
Hunger really is
the best spice, Sakura-chan.
Anyway, the princess confessed
yet again during today's torture.
It seems the princess has
a sister three years younger than her.
What a coincidence.
I'm three years younger
than my brother as well.
I feel a kinship with her now.
'Tis Time for "Torture,"
Princess
Roasted
Seasoned
Your Highness!
Please resist!
You mustn't let anyone see such
an unbecoming face!
How does this feel?
Your Highness!
Doesn't this feel good, too?
Why is the princess being
subjected to such torture?
It all began a little earlier.
My shoulders have been killing me lately.
Oh, is everything okay?
I was sure I was in good health,
since I used to do physical training...
Could it be?
Have the days of grueling torture
been eating away at my body?!
It seems that we have
very different definitions of "grueling."
Little Princess, that
could be from eyestrain.
Eyestrain?
My eyes? Even though it's
my shoulders that hurt?
When your eyes get tired,
it leads to sore shoulders as well.
I know.
I'll give you a head spa treatment!
Head spa?
I'll begin by massaging
the scalp as I wash your head.
A head spa sounded fancy,
but she's shampooing my hair.
I got this done all
the time back at the castle—
Your Highness!
What's the matter?!
What the heck?
Man, this feels so good!
If I had to compare it, yes!
It feels just like... Just like...
Like... Like... Like... Like?
I give up! Can't think of anything!
Her Highness is making one
hell of a comfy face!
Feels sho goo...
Let me rinse you off now.
Comfy Face-o-Meter
The water's at just the
right temperature.
The word to describe this temperature
isn't "warm" or "cold".
It's "pleasant"!
Okay, let's massage the tightness away.
This is incredible!
How can a head massage make me feel
good down to the tips of my toes?!
I can feel my blood flowing!
Fengchi
This pressure point is called Fengchi.
It's located on the back
of your head around the hairline.
It feels good to press it by yourself,
so give it a shot sometime.
Comfy Face-o-Meter
Fengchi...
I'm going to be massaging near your eyes.
Jingming, effective
for improving visual function.
Comfy Face-o-Meter
Jingming...
Snap out of it, Your Highness!
Yuyao, which can treat blurred vision.
Comfy Face-o-Meter
Yuyao!
The comfy face train keeps going!
Taiyang, good for headaches and vertigo.
Taiyang!
Comfy Face-o-Meter
Your Highness!
Does it feel good?
Feelsh goo...
There are other acupressure points.
Please stop!
Before her face turns too comfy
to be fit to be seen!
Go ahead!
Your Highness!
Comfy Face-o-Meter
Yintang, which relieves nasal congestion.
Yintang...
Shanglianquan, which has
a face-slimming effect.
Shanglianquan...
For stiff necks and shoulders,
Xuanli, Shuaigu, Fubai.
Xuanli, Shuaigu, Fubai...
Comfy Face-o-Meter
You can't show that face to the Legion!
My blood circulation's skyrocketing!
All this pleasure is about to overflow!
At this rate... At this rate...
My pleasure dam's gonna burst!
Initiating emergency discharge!
Floodgates throughout
my body are opening!
The dam within me is releasing it all!
It's more than just my head
that's being massaged!
It's my mind!
My mind... My mind...
My body feels light!
I feel like I could wipe out
the Hellhorde empty-handed!
Please don't.
I'm filled with power!
There's no way I'll cave
to today's torture!
I was worried there for a second,
with how comfy you looked.
But now the Hellhorde stands no chance!
You can win, Your Highness!
Oh, Princess-chan.
You-chan! In-chan!
Even more energetic than usual, I see.
Yeah! I'm full of energy!
Oh, did Giant give you
a head spa treatment?
She sure did!
It feels good, doesn't it?
It sure does!
Princess, as for today's torture...
Too bad!
Her Highness has fully
regained her power!
Never again will she succumb
to your torture—
Hey, listen!
You see, the king...
Your Highness!
The princess
energetically confessed
Your Majesty.
It seems their king
doesn't like sansho pepper.
Oh?
I find its unique flavor
quite delectable.
In fact, I love it so much...
sometimes I find myself overdoing it.
And what do you do when you add too much?
What a foolish question.
There's only one thing to do.
Grin and bear it.
'Tis Time for "Torture,"
Princess
Princess!
It's time for torture!
'Kay!
I know it's a bit late for this...
but should you sound so enthusiastic
about torture?
Hold on a minute.
'Kay!
I'm sure Her Highness
will fold again today...
Ex.
That look on Her Highness's face!
She's finally managed to reclaim it!
Her pride as Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion!
Sorry.
I was just imagining it!
Sorry, Ex.
You're completely ready to give in!
Sorry. I mean it.
At least go down with a fight!
Um, lemme see...
Sorry. Sorry. Sorry.
Oh! Found it!
Today's torture is a snack I really love!
Oh? What is it?
What do you think?
Huh? What could it be?
Something sweet? Or something salty?
I see you're enjoying yourself.
Hey, wanna see? Well?
Yeah, I wanna see!
I'll let you take a look then.
Ta-da!
Cream sandwich cookies!
Oh, I like those as well!
Really? That makes me happy!
I'm happy, too!
Oh, how surrenderable!
What do you mean, "surrenderable"?!
That's not even a real word!
There's a special way
we'll be eating these, too!
What?
You open up two cookies like this...
and stack up the two pieces
with cream filling.
And there you have it!
A special double cream cookie!
She got me!
I was careless! Arrogant!
Today's torture is a slide!
Yay!
Maomao-chan's torture...
I was convinced it'd be
a cute torture lacking bite like always.
But two layers of cream filling?!
I didn't expect such a
perfectly hard-hitting torture!
Just as I was caught
completely off-guard...
A crushing blow!
My legs are trembling...
They're about to buckle...
Your Highness?
Are you okay?
Ex, I can't go on.
I'm...
I have no idea why you've taken damage,
but please bear it for now!
What's that sound?
Some kind of pouring liquid?
Nothing goes better
with cream-filled cookies than milk!
Roar!
Ah!
Her Highness has yet again
taken some form of damage!
The perfect torture
unleashed by Maomao-chan.
Was it Maomao-chan's
growth bearing fruit?
Or did she bring out a snack
she liked by mere coincidence?
That we cannot say.
However, the result is that this torture
forced the princess to surrender,
more than any she had faced thus far.
Upon total surrender,
the words that came out of her mouth...
were not secrets of the Royal Empire...
Thank you for being born into this world.
But words of gratitude for her life.
I don't believe it!
Mao...
Maomao-chan, you say?
She inflicted such perfect torture...
They sure do grow up fast.
'Tis Time for "Torture,"
Princess
Stop
Snooze
7:30AM.
Stop
Snooze
She gets out of bed.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Your Highness!
Please wake up! It's morning!
Huh?
Hey, I'm no alarm clock!
Pressing there won't shut me up!
Accept your fate and wake up!
Ah, hey!
Normally, the princess would
wake up now, but not today.
Beep, beep, beep!
She stayed up late last night playing
video games with Youki and Inki.
I win!
One more! One more match!
Your Highness, it's
about time you went to sleep.
Pretty please, In-chan!
Sure, I'm down.
All of you! It's eleven o'clock!
Maybe I should try a new character.
Oh, can I pick the stage?
Fine by me.
Hey, are you listening?!
Your Highness?!
Ah, she got me again!
As a result, she's not waking up today.
Your Highness! Good morning!
7:45.
She puts the futon away...
and begins washing her face.
However, the princess
hasn't left her bed today.
Your Highness! Bonjour!
8:00.
Stretches.
They improve circulation and serve as
a way to check for any bodily symptoms,
or at least they would normally...
However, the princess
hasn't left her bed today.
Your Highness! Guten Morgen!
No, the truth is she doesn't
normally do any of this.
Everyday, she thinks to herself,
"I should do this!" but does not.
She spends this time lazing in bed
and looking at her phone.
8:30. Breakfast.
Princess, it's time to eat.
Yay...
She always wakes up.
Go on and wash your face first.
Yeah...
No matter how late she goes to bed,
she always wakes up for this.
Busy, busy...
Time to dig in!
It's delicious!
Breakfast at 8:30.
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
This is set in stone.